welcome to a deal extreme unboxing I
know tons of people are going to ask
these two questions how long did it take
to get delivered from dil extreme to my
house about a month is average also know
this knife that I'm going to be unboxing
with is not from China look up Rick
hinder or noggins right there
so anyways let's open this up I actually
don't remember everything that's in this
just because it has been a month I don't
know if you guys saw that so let's open
it again also yes surprise junk what do
you like to point that out on my last
dealextreme video so let's start
unboxing first off we have this solar
display all information of this stuff
will be in the description what prices
links to buy a good stuff so solar
spoils there's anything impressive on it
nope just has 13 and this would be for
showing off my knives if that I'm hoping
that this display or the stand will be
able to run in here yes it does slightly
it may need more light because I want it
to be able to display knives just like
that pretty awesome so let's just put
that right there
while I unbox some more stuff okay we
have these
I'm sorry if this is hurting your guy's
ears there you go
they are full Hydra magic all these
things they grow in water love these
things I bought a bunch so you can see a
3-pack right there another 3-pack
it's a sticker so whatever that means
for that second another 3-pack and I
bought that's all so total of 12 give
this which is very exciting
like that's stomped when I maybe it
needs a little push oh this is very
exciting for me of course I am into
hiking and camping so I decide to get
not like this saber cuts all eyes like
they're a Chinese version do that so
you'll be seeing a review of that here's
the link it is basically a pocket
chainsaw it just seems very much alike
of course these connectors are different
same type of packaging and this is a saw
blade pocket saw blade I ended up
getting this free by using and
dealextreme points when you guys place
orders and use my links I get points for
those words so I got a paracord bracelet
well this was three me it was very cheap
then I had to get the oil off my hands
for that I'm wondering if this is real
paracord or if it was fake feels like
real paracord to me as you can see it
has this whole thing and I was it said
it was glowing dark so I'm gonna shine
some light on it
keep this in frame I guess and grab my
light just like that and slightly maybe
I see kind of a greenish glow I'll be
showing this in another video I'll
probably film it right after this to see
if it has an effect
I remembered us this is a solar charger
thought this would be cool to try out
for my ipod and it is a charger so
literature that is doubted it would work
I mean it was only a dollar no my dollar
maybe like four dollars I think this
will be in the description of course
there you go as well film on it which
I'll take off so the floor panel doesn't
get scratched there's a plug and then
look if there's any details on here with
you over there that might be neat if it
actually works to bring when I hiked the
Appalachian Trail for summer
we have seen these IDs so I got two
packs of these these are basically twist
ties kind of like the night eyes twist
ties but I'm hoping that would work on
my buck display case that's totally not
what I thought it was I thought they
were metal wires this is just a piece of
plastic it's like that okay
she didn't oh yeah you can kind of do
that but not exactly what I was hoping
oh well I just play with that so it's
nothing like what I just said and the
last item
well another three pack of these so I
guess I had 15 total of these wonder
what I'm going to do you have to throw
up a whole bucket and just dump these in
there and it's gonna be pretty cool you
love these things
this doesn't work as well as I thought
it would you kind of give it a head
start
there you go there's my deal extreme
unboxing and let's just go over all this
stuff again make sure there's nothing
left in there
no probably most you've already left so
we have little hydro beads or whatever
we have the pocket chainsaw just solar
to display bold twist ties I'm
disappointed in the solar charger and I
need a paracord bracelet which is real
paracord from the feel and everything so
thanks for watching and don't forget to
comment rate and subscribe all that good
stuff and I'll see you guys later